this gadget apparently allows you to
smell your video game it's called The
Game sent the box is basically saying
that it adds the only missing senses to
your gaming and Movie experience so it
looks like this is a removable cap slot
one is gunfire explosions racing cars
Forest storm and then the last one is
just called clean air scent this is
going to actually connect in between the
PS5 and the TV it's going to listen to
the incoming audio track from whatever
you're playing or watching and then it's
going to use AI to turn that sound into
to an appropriate smell that it thinks
matches it see what fortnite smells like
oh wo motorbike am I going to smell
burnt tires I'm definitely smelling
something flamable you absolutely can
smell it but I wouldn't say the scents
match what I'm doing closely enough for
it to feel like it's adding another
layer to it it smells really nice you
think it smells nice what you're
smelling right now is gunfire explosions
and a little bit of forest the concept
for this is so interesting if it was
like the second I fired a gun I
immediately smelt smoke this could be
insane but it's not quite there